[Music]
mm-hmm honey it's so good yeah mm-hmm
and that's when we found out I have
schizophrenia a chronic mental disorder
allowing for visual and auditory
hallucinations never normal the end some
people just hear voices
good morning but I see I had to switch
schools so he's a straitjacket freak my
mom is on this quest for a cure but
nothing works
just give it time looks like it could be
nice I'm Maya madam I came over here to
intimidate you decide something tells me
you're homeless you need anything let me
know for the first time in forever I
felt normal
what's with the cookbooks I'm sort of
studying to be a chef sort of where are
you what don't look at me look at her do
you have a problem with eye contact do
you always say exactly what comes in
your mind well it's best to say exactly
what you mean or nothing at all
unrelenting on the stay you know
[Music]
you know when I first met you I thought
maybe he's just awkward and unsocialized
but that's not it there's something else
I don't know what to say to that I'll
crack you Petrucelli last night when you
finally called me I know that you must
be scared and that it's lonely in your
head Hey sure when your cancer kid
people are so eager to grant any wish
you have but when you have schizophrenia
people treat you differently is that
what you didn't tell me because you
thought that I was gonna leave
[Music]
did you see him right yeah he's real
everyone's flawed but admitting our
flaws gives us the opportunity to face
them I'm always gonna see things and
hear things that I shouldn't
I can't what you say that what makes you
think you get to make that decision on
your own even give me a chance to state
where'd you have I love you you have to
let people discover all your dark places
inside because those are the people that
can show you what's real when you can't
see that for yourself
hey I'm right here
[Music]
you